.TH MACSSH 1 "May 25, 2011"
.SH NAME
macssh \- A tool for Establishing SSH Connections via MAC addresses
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B macssh
.RI [ options ] " " < MAC-Address | hostname >
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool enables you to ssh to MAC-SSH enabled devices. You can connect to either a hostname or a MAC address.
If specified, the hostname (identity) will be looked up via MNDP discovery.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax.
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-n
Do not use broadcast packets. A tad less insecure but requires root privileges.
This means that ethernet packets will have the specified mac-address as the packet
destination, instead of using the ethernet broadcast address.
.TP
.B \-t
Amount of seconds to wait for a response on each interface. If you have several network interfaces, this is the timeout value per interface.
.TP
.B \-u
Specify username. Without this option the username for the active session will be used by default.
.TP
.B \-p
Specify local TCP port for used for tunneling SSH client connection. Without this option port 2222 will be used by default. 
.TP
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v
Show version of program.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mndp (1),
.BR mactelnet (1),
.BR mactelnetd (1),
.BR macping (1),
.BR macsshd (1).
.SH AUTHOR
macssh is a derived work by Ali Onur Uyar <aouyar@gmail.com> based on mactelnet by Håkon Nessjøen <haakon.nessjoen@gmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Ali Onur Uyar <aouyar@gmail.com> based on manual page for mactelnet by Håkon Nessjøen <haakon.nessjoen@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
