.TH MACTELNETD 1 "February 27, 2011"
.SH NAME
mactelnetd \- Telnet / SSH daemon for MAC-address connections
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mactelnetd
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This daemon listens for telnet connections from Mikrotik RouterOS devices or mactelnet clients
on the same physical network. It also announces it's hostname via the MNDP protocol every minute.
.PP
The server supports three modes of operation:
.IP \[bu]
Standard MAC-Telnet Server Mode
.IP \[bu]
TCP Connection Forwarding Mode: Tunnels a TCP connection to a local port on 
the client to a specific local port on the server side through MAC-Telnet 
protocol. This mode of operation is used for forwarding SSH connections 
 through the MAC-Telnet protocol. (-S or -F option)
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax.
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-f
Run server process in foreground.
.TP
.B \-n
Do not use broadcast packets. A tad less insecure.
This means that ethernet packets will have the mac-address of the client as the packet
destination, instead of using the ethernet broadcast address.
.TP
.B \-S / -F
Forwarding of TCP connections through  MAC-Telnet protocol, instead of using the standard MAC-Telnet remote terminal.
.TP
.B \-P port
Local TCP port used for forwarding connections to SSH Server. (If not specified, port 22 by default.)
.TP
.B \-U username
Drop privileges by switching to user with username. Can be used when the command is run as a privileged user in conjunction with the -n option.
Standard MAC-Telnet is not compatible with this option.
.TP
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v
Show version of program.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/mactelnetd.users
This file contains a line separated list of users that will have
access to your machine. Usernames and passwords are separated
by colon. This file is read each time a user connects.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mndp (1),
.BR mactelnet (1),
.BR macping (1).
.SH AUTHOR
mactelnetd was written by Håkon Nessjøen <haakon.nessjoen@gmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Håkon Nessjøen <haakon.nessjoen@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
.PP
The connection forwarding and ssh forwarding functionality was implemented by Ali Onur Uyar <aouyar@gmail.com>.
