.TH MACTELNET 1 "February 27, 2011"
.SH NAME
mactelnet \- Tool for remote Telnet or SSH connections to MAC-address
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mactelnet
.RI [ options ] " " < MAC-Address | hostname >
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool enables you to telnet other RouterOS or MAC-Telnetd enabled
devices. You can connect to either a hostname or a MAC address.
If specified, the hostname (identity) will be looked up via MNDP discovery.
.PP
The client supports three modes of operation:
.IP \[bu]
Standard MAC-Telnet Client Mode
.IP \[bu]
TCP Connection Forwarding Mode: Tunnels a specific local port on the client to the serverthrough MAC-Telnet protocol. (-F option)
.IP \[bu]
SSH Forwarding Mode: Apart from setting up the tunnel, the client takes care of launching the SSH client. (-S option)
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax.
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-l
This will discover RouterOS or MAC-Telnetd enabled devices. It will
list the MAC-address software version, and uptime of every device
or machine it discovers. To exit the discovery, use
.B Control + C
\.
.TP
.B \-n
Do not use broadcast packets. A tad less insecure but requires root privileges.
This means that ethernet packets will have the specified mac-address as the packet
destination, instead of using the ethernet broadcast address.
.TP
.B \-t timeout
Amount of seconds to wait for a response on each interface. If you have several network interfaces, this is the timeout value per interface.
.TP
.B \-u username
Specify username. Without this option, you will need to enter the username in a interactive prompt.
.TP
.B \-p password
Specify password. Without this option, you will need to enter the password in a interactive prompt.
.TP
.B \-U username
Drop privileges by switching to user with username. Can be used when the command is run as a privileged user in conjunction with the -n option.
.TP
.B \-S
Use MAC-SSH instead of MAC-Telnet. Forwards SSH connection through MAC-Telnet and launch SSH client. (Implies -F)
.TP
.B \-F
Forward connection through of MAC-Telnet without launching the SSH Client.
.TP
.B \-P port
Local TCP port for forwarding SSH connection. (If not specified, port 2222 by default.
.TP
.B \-c path
Path for ssh client executable. (Default: /usr/bin/ssh)
.TP
.B \-q
Quiet mode.
.TP
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v
Show version of program.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mndp (1),
.BR mactelnetd (1),
.BR macping (1).
.SH AUTHOR
mactelnet was written by Håkon Nessjøen <haakon.nessjoen@gmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Håkon Nessjøen <haakon.nessjoen@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
.PP
The connection forwarding and ssh forwarding functionality was implemented by Ali Onur Uyar <aouyar@gmail.com>.

